# SwaggerClient::ApplicationAddDemographics

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**gender** | **String** | Gender/sex. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{gender} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use gender field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**date_of_birth** | **Date** | Applicant&#x27;s date of birth in  ISO 8601 date format YYYY-MM-DD | [optional] 
**place_of_birth** | **String** | Applicant&#x27;s place of birth | [optional] 
**country_of_birth** | **String** | Applicant&#x27;s Country of birth. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{country} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use countryOfBirth field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**nationality** | **String** | Applicant&#x27;s nationality. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{country} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use nationality field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**domicile_country_code** | **String** | Domicile country code. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{country} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use the field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**permanent_residency_country_code** | **String** | Permanent residency country code. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{country} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use domicileCountryCode field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**marital_status** | **String** | Applicant&#x27;s marital status. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{maritalStatus} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use maritalStatus field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**residency_status** | **String** | Indicate status of residence. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{residenceStatus} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use residenceStatus field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**residence_type** | **String** | Type of Residence. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{residenceType} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use residenceType field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**tax_domicile_country_code** | **String** | Tax domicile country code. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{country} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use taxDomicileCountryCode field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**spoken_language_code** | **String** | Code for spoken language of applicant. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{spokenLanguageCode} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use spokenLanguageCode field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 
**correspondence_language_code** | **String** | Code for correspondence language of applicant. This is a reference data field. Please use /v1/apac/utilities/referenceData/{spokenLanguageCode} resource to get valid value of this field with description. You can use correspondenceLanguageCode field name as the referenceCode parameter to retrieve the values. | [optional] 

